Doc: how to disable TSO in case of performance issues (#307)
xcp-ng/xcp-ng-org: docs/troubleshooting/common-problems.md

---

## TCP Segmentation Offload (TSO) decreasing performances

### Cause

> In some cases, at least observed on XCP-ng 8.2.1 with Intel I219-V NICs, having TCP Segmentation Offload, divide performances by almost 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, at least observed on XCP-ng 8.2.1 with Intel I219-V NICs, having TCP Segmentation Offload divides performances by almost 2.
```

Author: Fixed

### Solution

**NOTE**: This change does not guarantee improved network performance, please use iperf3 to check before and after the change.

- Identify your PIF UUID using `# xe pif-list`
- Disable TSO: `# xe pif-param-set uuid=$PIFUUID other-config:ethtool-tso="off"`
- Either unplug/plug the PIF for the change to be taken into account, or reboot your host

:::warning

> If runnning the unplug/plug commands through ssh, make sure you're not doing so over the network that will be unplugged, ideally it is recommanded to do such changes through your machine IPMI interface or on via physical access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If runnning the unplug/plug commands through ssh, make sure you're not doing so over the network that will be unplugged. Ideally it is recommended to do such changes through your machine IPMI interface or via physical access.
```

Author: Fixed

Reviewer 2: > runnning 

Too many "n"s 😉

Author: Fixed
